clarify scope of `leanproject get` (#46)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: templates/install/project.md

* Go the the directory where you would like this package to live.

> * Run `leanproject get tutorials`. (This is just a shortcut for `leanproject get https://github.com/leanprover-community/tutorials.git`. You can use `leanproject get <git-url>` on any project which has a top-level file `leanpkg.toml` and top-level directory `src/`.)

Author: ```suggestion
* Run `leanproject get tutorials`. (This is just.a shortcut for `leanproject get leanprover-community/tutorials`, which is again a shortcut for `leanproject get https://github.com/leanprover-community/tutorials.git`. You can use `leanproject get <git-url>` on any git repo and `leanproject get <github-username>/< project-name>` for any GitHub repo. This will succeed as long as the project has a top-level file `leanpkg.toml`.)
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
(This is just.a shortcut for `leanproject get leanprover-community/tutorials`, which is again a shortcut for `leanproject get https://github.com/leanprover-community/tutorials.git`. You can use `leanproject get <git-url>` on any git repo and `leanproject get <github-username>/< project-name>` for any GitHub repo. This will succeed as long as the project has a top-level file `leanpkg.toml`.)
```
